Protocol identifiers are strings, listed in the API doc., and shouldn't normally be used (#1408)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

RemoteSpecifier.AddAlias(AlternateRemoteSpecifier)
~~~

> To scope an alias to a specific transport protocol or protocol stack,
> an Endpoint can specify a protocol specifier. Protocol specifiers
> are strings where slashes separate protocol names. The API
> documentation of a Transport Services system implementation ought to
> contain a list of selectable protocol specifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scope an alias to apply conditionally to a specific transport
protocol (such as defining an alternate port to use when QUIC
is selected, as opposed to TCP), an alias Endpoint can be
associated with a protocol identifier. Protocol identifiers are
objects or enumeration values provided by the Transport
Services API, which will vary based on which protocols are
implemented in a particular system.

specify a protocol specifier. Protocol specifiers
are strings where slashes separate protocol names. The API
documentation of a Transport Services system implementation ought to
contain a list of selectable protocol specifiers.
```

Normally, an endpoint ought not to request a specific transport protocol or
protocol stack. The Transport Services system is responsible for mapping
the API to a specific available transport protocol stack and managing
the available network interfaces and paths. When specifically needed,

> this automated selection could be over-ridden (e.g., for testing or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this automated selection could be overridden (e.g., for testing or
```

> Normally, an endpoint ought not to request a specific transport protocol or
> protocol stack. The Transport Services system is responsible for mapping
> the API to a specific available transport protocol stack and managing
> the available network interfaces and paths. When specifically needed,
> this automated selection could be overridden (e.g., for testing or
> debugging purposes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Normally, an endpoint ought not to request a specific transport protocol or
> protocol stack. The Transport Services system is responsible for mapping
> the API to a specific available transport protocol stack and managing
> the available network interfaces and paths. When specifically needed,
> this automated selection could be over-ridden (e.g., for testing or
> debugging purposes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Suggest removing this paragraph, since this is specific to aliases.
